### Hi there 👋

Welcome to my special repository! My name is Patrick Spillane (he/him) and I am a Senior Biology Major (B.A) at Stonehill College, and will soon apply to minor in Mandarin/Chinese. 
I hope to go into Graduate School to study Ecology and eventually work in the Ecology field. Perhaps maybe even get a doctorate to help with my studies and job opportunites. I really enjoy observing nature and the delicate ecosystems that inhabit them and really would like to build a career surrounding that field. I also enjoy coding from time to time, learning about Game Design, creating art either digital or physical, and also conducting research involving Trinidadian Guppies at Stonehill College's Shield Science Center.
Throughout my life I have always been very interested in the natural world and  My advisor recommended a Biology course known as R Programming for Biologists that took place over the summer, I then decided to sign up for the class and very quickly learned the ins and outs of R programming. This class overall helped expand my horizons and helped me learn alot and be able to acheive new career paths I did not think were possible.
My portfolio repository has several of my homeworks, such as Spillane_Week_6_316.Rmd, which this certain example is about customizing ggplots by changing the colors of the data in the plots and fonts of the legends and axis titles, and my main Function Tutorial project, which goes over three functions of my choosing which I decided to explain and help people to understand how they work and their possible uses. 
